‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪‎ Miraculous! Simply the best! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Up to the test when things go wrong! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Miraculous! The luckiest! ‎♪
‎♪‎ The power of love, always so strong! ‎♪
‎♪‎ Miraculous! ‎♪
‎ ‎Alya's on the line
‎I rise and shine
‎When I pick up the mic
‎like this game is mine
‎Fake MC's can't test my flow, 'cause I
‎whip up their beat with each word I throw!
‎Uh... The name's Marinette.
‎I bake chouquettes.
‎I love drawing and... sewing blankets?
‎Er... heh, heh, heh!
‎-Come on! Come on!
‎-Uh...
‎‎50 Words! Your flow's
‎so low you'd need a shovel to dig it!
‎-Shoot! I'm so bad at this game!
‎-Humph!
‎-You don't want to play with my sisters?
‎-I'm not a baby anymore!
‎Can I play‎ Freestyle Clash 2‎ with you?
‎Come on, Chris, it's a game for big kids.
‎You know that.
‎That's what you always say!
‎Ugh! Again? Alya,
‎can you handle these three
‎on your own?
‎I just remembered I promised my dad
‎I'd try out his new macaroon recipe!
‎Mmm! Sounds yummy!
‎Maybe we could all come over,
‎if that's OK.
‎Oh, yeah! I mean, no!
‎Dad's always super shy
‎when he tries out a new recipe,
‎like "Oh! What if it doesn't taste good?"
‎OK, catch you later,
‎best BFF in the world!
‎That macaroon recipe excuse wasn't
‎exactly your best one yet, Marinette.
‎I know, but I'm running out of excuses!
‎I've needed so many this week.
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎ Ladybug! Cat Noir!
‎If you don't give me your Miraculous,
‎this "pigeon iron"
‎will crash down on the Louvre pyramid
‎and give all the tourists inside it
‎perfectly flat socks!
‎Pigeons have a right to culture too!
‎Rooh, rooh, rooh, rooh, rooh!
‎Hey there, Milady! No need
‎to brief you on this one, right?
‎ Nope. Let's just end this fast,
‎like the last 23 other times!
‎Lucky charm.
‎Cataclysm.
‎ No!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Please don't tell me it happened again!
‎It's OK, Mr Ramier. We'll always be
‎here to bring you back to the good side.
‎Hmm. Oh!
‎Can I buy you both ice cream
‎to make up for it?
‎Since we keep getting better at this,
‎we have a few minutes before we transform.
‎Why not?
‎I'm really sorry. I just can't help it.
‎Whenever something happens to my pigeons,
‎it breaks my heart and--
‎And Hawk Moth akumatizes you again.
‎There must be some way to make sure
‎this doesn't keep happening!
‎-We gotta get going.
‎-Thanks for the ice cream!
‎This man is hopeless.
‎I've akumatized him 24 times
‎and not once has he come close
‎to succeeding.
‎Nooroo, dark wings fall.
‎Oh! What is this?
‎A powerful negative emotion!
‎I've never felt this before!
‎Where could such energy be coming from?
‎Pound it!
‎Yo, yo!
‎ ‎I'm Timetagger
‎from the future, man!
‎I crisscross time
‎with a spray-paint can!
‎Looks like your time's up at last!
‎'Cause I'm gonna send you
‎way back into the past!
‎"Lord Ramier Featherbottom,
‎knight of the King,
‎founder
‎of the Order of the Great Pigeon?"
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha! Whoo!
‎-Only one minute left!
‎-No time to lose!
‎ ‎Ladybug and Cat Noir, now you're
‎stuck! If you wanna catch me, good luck!
‎All I have to do is go back in time
‎to escape
‎with a laugh and a rappin' rhyme!
‎-He's travelling through time!
‎-And therefore in space!
‎I just love his style!
‎I'm not surprised you like it, Hawk Moth.
‎I come from the future, a future
‎where Ladybug and Cat Noir are adults.
‎It was future Hawk Moth's slick idea
‎to send me into the past,
‎to seize their Miraculous
‎before they got adult powers.
‎I can only approve of my future decision!
‎I won't wait for Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎to become adults!
‎I'm counting on you to change the future,
‎Timetagger!
‎If you don't give me your Miraculous,
‎I'll send everyone into the past.
‎-Unlike him, we're running out of time!
‎-Then we'd better try to gain some back!
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎Superhero babies need a little rest?
‎Well, take your time!
‎I have eternity ahead of me.
‎If we can't defeat Timetagger
‎in the future when we're adults,
‎how are we supposed to defeat him now,
‎when we're younger and less experienced?
‎There's a time for everything, Marinette.
‎Every problem has a solution.
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Yeah!
‎Look on the bright side, Adrien.
‎In the future,
‎you and Ladybug still know each other!
‎Yeah, but if I want to see that future,
‎we'll have to defeat Timetagger today.
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎-Crazy! So the message was for real!
‎-What message?
‎This watch has been in my family since
‎forever. It's never chimed until today!
‎-And there was a message for you, Ladybug.
‎-Huh?
‎Nice work, Minibug. You're right on time.
‎Now, dig as deep as you can into the past
‎and you will find the rabbit's burrow.
‎Dig deep into the past?
‎Did you also inherit a shovel
‎to go with your watch, by any chance?
‎A shovel, you know?
‎For all this deep digging.
‎Of course!
‎What's the oldest exhibit in the museum?
‎The Egyptian collection!
‎My old man says it dates back
‎more than 5,000 years.
‎There! It sounds hollow!
‎Do your thing, kitty!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Minibug! Kitty!
‎I knew you'd solve my riddle!
‎A security measure,
‎in case the watch is stolen!
‎But now, I need to do
‎something very important.
‎My name's Bunnyx. In the future, I'm a
‎member of Ladybug and Cat Noir's team.
‎Well,
‎the Ladybug and Cat Noir you'll become.
‎Right now, you two
‎are more like Minibug and Kitty Noir!
‎Within the team,
‎I am the hero of "the last chance."
‎I'm called upon when everyone else
‎has failed. That includes you two.
‎Hey! We just got you out of the stone,
‎didn't we?
‎You must have failed too!
‎Yes. Well, no. It was actually your fault.
‎Or, more precisely, it will be.
‎In the future,
‎one of your cataclysms
‎will accidentally damage my Miraculous.
‎So Timetagger will be able to send me
‎to Egypt and get me stuck in stone.
‎Wait. Then how are we gonna do that
‎without the Rabbit Miraculous?
‎-Do you have the watch?
‎-My watch?
‎Yes. My watch. Our watch.
‎-So this was a Miraculous?
‎-In camouflage mode!
‎Fluff, counter clockwise!
‎-But... you are...
‎-So, mini-me, you get it now?
‎You're me and I'm you. Well, more
‎precisely, I'm you when you grow up.
‎Wow! I can't believe how cool
‎I'm gonna be when I'm older.
‎But, wait, it doesn't make sense!
‎I never gave you... I mean, her...
‎I mean, I never gave
‎either of you the Miraculous!
‎You haven't given it to us yet, Minibug,
‎because you haven't yet realised
‎just how awesome I really am.
‎But don't worry, you will, one day.
‎I'm gonna get a Miraculous. So cool!
‎Fluff, snack time!
‎You have to recharge your batteries!
‎Mm. Was that breakfast or dinner?
‎What time will it be yesterday?
‎Is it tomorrow?
‎The day after tomorrow,
‎it'll be yesterday again!
‎That Miraculous is so powerful!
‎Why don't we use it more often?
‎Travelling through time
‎is very dangerous.
‎Interfering with events
‎can have serious consequences.
‎Oops! Time to feed my kwami too!
‎I don't understand.
‎If you're from the future,
‎you must know how this ends!
‎Your younger self has seen it, so you
‎obviously know how to defeat Timetagger!
‎Actually, I've spent so much time in stone
‎I can barely remember!
‎But the logical thing to do would be
‎to take Timetagger back to the future,
‎so he can be defeated by heroes
‎his own size! I'll take care of this.
‎Awesome!
‎One thing I remember for sure is...
‎Mini-me has to be there
‎when I defeat him!
‎If she's still in my memory,
‎she must play a vital role!
‎Good! I wasn't planning
‎on sitting on the bench!
‎Fluff, clockwise!
‎Huh? Guys,
‎you should take a look at this now!
‎Timetagger's sent Jagged Stone
‎into the past! Oh!
‎That's Nadia Chamack!
‎ André Glacier!
‎ Mayor Bourgeois!
‎He's destroying our present
‎by rewriting the past!
‎Bunnyx,
‎since the future me wasn't able to stop
‎Timetagger, I must not be that powerful.
‎Are you kidding? You're... I mean,
‎you will be an awesome team leader,
‎the greatest superhero ever!
‎-How do you explain Timetagger then?
‎-I told you earlier.
‎If Cat Noir hadn't cataclysmed my
‎Miraculous, Timetagger wouldn't be here!
‎In the future, you've defeated
‎Doctor Sadness, the Invaders,
‎Pain and Tears,
‎the Twin Queens of the Inner Dimension,
‎Ignoblia the evil sister of Majestia,
‎so believe me,
‎you won't be intimidated by Timetagger!
‎Oh, I even forgot Monsieur Rat!
‎Monsieur Rat?
‎You can always count on Ladybug.
‎With her around,
‎every problem has a solution.
‎-How will I ever get to be like that?
‎-By growing up, Minibug.
‎Tell me, Bunnyx, in the future,
‎are Ladybug and I, like...
‎Cat!
‎Oh! You and her, it's always more like...
‎Hey! The future isn't set in stone!
‎OK, let's go!
‎We've taken too long. He's had time
‎to weave a giant time web around us.
‎Surrounded by just one guy?
‎Does that mean
‎he can attack from anywhere?
‎More like from any time.
‎ ‎Give me your Miraculous, don't
‎make me ask! You're not up to the task!
‎When I bring them to Hawk Moth's door,
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir will be no more!
‎Stay where you are! I'll deal with him
‎and take him back to the future you!
‎It means nothing must happen to you
‎in the meantime. But first...
‎Stay right there. Then it'll be exactly
‎like it was in my memory. And now...
‎burrow!
‎Yes! Heeya!
‎Missed me!
‎-She doesn't need to transform back?
‎-No, because she's an adult!
‎Awesome!, I can't wait to grow up!
‎I don't think we're quite
‎up for the job yet, Cat Noir.
‎ ‎You're lame, you don't get the game!
‎Now you have to start all over again!
‎My victory is close at hand.
‎How brilliant of me to send myself
‎such a powerful ally from the future!
‎Where's your sass gone, now, Fluffytail?
‎I can't stand watching him
‎play cat and mouse.
‎Cataclysm!
‎Cat Noir, no!
‎Aaah!
‎See? In the future, that's exactly
‎how you damaged my Miraculous!
‎I knew it! I knew you'd do that!
‎Who's the best now, huh?
‎That... that's impossible...
‎Thanks for your involuntary help.
‎Now, Bunnyx is going home!
‎Bye, Bunnyx!
‎Wait a second!
‎This is not the exact right moment!
‎Enjoy your trip to the Ice Age,
‎Fluffytail!
‎We've wasted enough time!
‎Gimme your Miraculous now!
‎So, the Ice Age
‎wasn't good enough for you?
‎Back to the Cretaceous, then!
‎-Down, Denver!
‎-Wanna keep playing, Fluffytail?
‎Don't call me Fluffytail!
‎To the future! Seventh interstellar war!
‎ ‎Disintegrate! Disintegrate!
‎Maybe we should give her a hand
‎after all.
‎You heard her. She's the only one who can
‎solve this time problem! Go Bunnyx!
‎The heat is on!
‎Sorry, Minibug... I just can't.
‎Looks like this time
‎I don't have a solution after all.
‎What if today's the day we grow up?
‎Lucky charm!
‎-A block of paper?
‎- Ha, ha, ha!
‎What are you gonna do with that?
‎Sign a defeat treaty?
‎Now give me your Miraculous, or I send
‎your friend back to the Big Bang!
‎All right! You win!
‎We'll give you our Miraculous!
‎All I ask is that you give me
‎a little bit of time to write a letter
‎to apologise to my future self!
‎No! Think of something!
‎You always think of something!
‎Fair enough, Ladybug. Wish granted!
‎Be careful. It could be a trap!
‎If she thinks she can trick me,
‎she's wasting her time! Pun intended.
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎I don't have a pen.
‎Could anyone lend me one, please?
‎Time's up.
‎My moment of victory has arrived!
‎I can't find the words.
‎It's pointless anyway.
‎I won't even be a Ladybug in the future
‎after we give up our Miraculous.
‎Please don't do this, Minibug!
‎Some problems don't have a solution.
‎Go back to your timestream.
‎Make the most of your remaining time.
‎No! I refuse, I...
‎Who's the team leader in the future?
‎Trust me.
‎OK, Ladybug.
‎Burrow!
‎Come on, Cat Noir.
‎We'd better give him our Miraculous.
‎I'm sorry, Ladybug. I didn't deliver.
‎Not true, Bunnyx. You didn't fail.
‎Every problem has a solution.
‎The future bird catches the worm.
‎This time, the Miraculous are mine!
‎You're right on the first count,
‎but not on the second,
‎the Miraculous are not for you.
‎What?
‎Ha, ha, ha! I said I was sent
‎by the Hawk Moth of the future,
‎but I never said it was you.
‎Your earrings are mine, Babybug.
‎And you, Kitty Noir, cataclysm this
‎so I can take you ring safely
‎after I'm finished with her.
‎Good boy!
‎ No!
‎Cat Noir!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly!
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir?
‎You're so young! Where am I?
‎The question should be
‎more like when are you?
‎Come on, Chris. Let's go home.
‎Chris?
‎See, girl? We did it! We always will!
‎Hey, Future Ladybug!
‎When am I gonna get my Miraculous?
‎As soon as you're as cool as I am,
‎Mini-me.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Why doesn't anyone tell me
‎how awesome I am?
‎Because you already know you're the best,
‎Kitty Noir!
‎ I think
‎we're gonna have to hurry, Bugaboo.
‎-Are we gonna see each other again soon?
‎-No doubt about that!
‎ Pound it!
‎Nooroo, dark wings fall.
‎-Master, I....
‎-Quiet, Nooroo.
‎If I'm not Hawk Moth in the future,
‎then that means I've failed.
‎Or that you've succeeded.
‎The future is not set in stone, Gabriel.
‎-‎ ‎Hey, there!
‎-Alya, it's Marinette.
‎I'm sorry I can't help you
‎look after Chris and your sisters.
‎I haven't finished my presentation
‎for Monday.
‎I hope you're not mad at me!
‎No biggie.
‎A friend said she'd do it.
‎Nino and I are going to a movie!
‎-A friend?
‎-Yeah. Don't worry.
‎-She'll take care of everything.
‎-Perfect! Enjoy your movie!
‎See you later!
‎-OK! We're going!
‎-Thanks again, Lila!
‎Do I know how to play Freestyle Clash?
‎Please. I invented Freestyle Cash!
‎-Whoa! For real?
‎-Of course, for real! I never lie!
‎You're so cool!
‎ I'm so sorry.
‎Don't worry. Every problem has a solution!
‎We didn't discover it today,
‎but we will next time!
‎Pigeons in Paris have it too hard here.
‎Maybe you should move to the suburbs
‎or try to make friends
‎with some other type of animal.
‎A goldfish, for example.
‎Another type of animal?
‎That might be a good idea, Cat Noir!
‎I'll think about it.
‎OK, we have to get going.
‎Thanks for the ice cream, Mr Ramier!
‎Everything Bunnyx told us seems crazy.
‎All those supervillains with weird names,
‎like Dr what's-his-name and Monsieur Rat!
‎Monsieur Rat.
‎What kind of a codename is that?
‎Maybe, in the future, you might even
‎agree to go see a movie with me.
‎Hey, what if it was
‎in the very near future, huh?
‎Like the next showing?
‎Oh! What are you? Hello, cutie!
‎You're even cuter than a pigeon!